Ah!
Who is that?
It's your brother
Shen Wuhan
No war
Kiss me, you're still waiting for that scumbag
Don't be silly mom
What the crow looked like just now
I seem to have really misunderstood him.
Grandpa Shen's enemies are powerful
May not have protected him
He's a wild dog
Will bite
Come home with me quickly
Grandpa Shen left this hotel to me to manage
I must find out his death
Kiss me 5 years ago I was a framed dead man
It has something to do with grandpa's death
Now he is in the Shen family
Would you like to hunt down with me?
Okay, I'll go over after I've dealt with the hotel
Dad, don't you know that Taoshan is there?
About to be beaten
Dad, I just got a call
Someone told me to go back to my room right away to watch him go